clarify DO errors (#5842)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/learning/using-durable-objects.md

#### Error: Durable Object storage operation exceeded timeout which caused object to be reset.

To prevent indefinite locking, there is a limit on how much time storage operations can take. In objects containing a sufficiently large number of key-value pairs, `deleteAll()` may hit that time limit and fail. When this happens, note that each `deleteAll()` call does make progress and that it is safe to retry until it succeeds. Otherwise contact your Cloudflare account team.

> #### Error: Your account is generating too much load on Durable Objects. Please back off and try again later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Error: Your account is generating too much load on Durable Objects. Please wait and try again later.
```

> There is a limit on how quickly you can [create new objects or lookup existing objects](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#obtaining-an-object-stub). Those lookups are usually cached, so catching this error and retrying after a short backoff is safe. If possible, also consider spreading those lookups across multiple requests.

Reviewer 2: Do you think putting the error somewhere would help with people finding this?

"Error: Your account is generating too much load on Durable Objects. Please back off and try again later."

Reviewer 3: Isn't it the title of this subsection?

Reviewer 2: Oops, I can't see.

> There is a limit on how quickly you can [create new objects or lookup existing objects](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#obtaining-an-object-stub). Those lookups are usually cached, so catching this error and retrying after a short backoff is safe. If possible, also consider spreading those lookups across multiple requests.

Reviewer 3: It may be worth noting that this is specifically when creating or looking up too many different objects -- it's impossible to ever hit this by doing lots of lookups for the same object or the same set of objects.

Author: Let me know if that's any more  / less clear

> There is a limit on how quickly you can [create new objects or lookup different existing objects](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#obtaining-an-object-stub). Those lookups are usually cached, meaning attempts for the same set of recently accessed objects should be successful, so catching this error and retrying after a short backoff is safe. If possible, also consider spreading those lookups across multiple requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a limit on how quickly you can [create new objects or lookup different existing objects](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#obtaining-an-object-stub). Those lookups are usually cached, meaning attempts for the same set of recently accessed objects should be successful, so catching this error and retrying after a short wait is safe. If possible, also consider spreading those lookups across multiple requests.
```
